## [Clothes-Matching-on-Taobao](https://tianchi.aliyun.com/competition/entrance/231575/introduction "Tianchi")
1. This project focuses on specific big data application scenarios in the field of e-commerce, digs out the connections of categories in Taobao’s purchase record data, and finds the specific relationship between items that can be matched according to this, that is, "matchable categories". Category filtering to purchase product data can more efficiently improve the collocation degree between products. At the same time, it is found that in the actual application process, a simple intelligent algorithm cannot meet specific scenarios, and rules and algorithms need to be used together.

2. This code implements a Taobao user dressing smart matching program, which can be used from the combination of dressing and matching data generated by the desensitized Taobao dressing people, text data of millions of Taobao products and user behavior data Screen out high-quality, professional clothing matching schemes. The results screened by the program passed the online evaluation of the Alibaba Cloud Tianchi big data platform, and the score reached 5.8545%, which was among the top 0.81% of the 1982 participating teams worldwide. (16 of 2012)

3. This work started in November 2017 and was carried out in 5 stages (including (1) python, database related knowledge learning; (2) machine learning basic algorithms, integrated learning; (3) pandas, sklearn; (4) data division, feature extraction ; (5) Prediction, data set division, model optimization, etc., systematically studied the data analysis, which lasted 7 months, the total code volume of Java, Python, Weka, etc. is about 1500 lines.

## Summary
### Analyze and model more than 1.837 million Taobao desensitization data by Java and Python. 
#### Thoughtful feature engineering is deployed, constructing multiple rules and comparing the results of decision trees C4.5, Bayesian, KNN and TF-IDF. 
#### Finally, results are gotten by merging models.
